is it going good
greetings as we enter the second month
of isolation I am speaking to you from
the vicarage where I have been very busy
tidying those of you who were with me
last Sunday will know that this room was
crammed with Easter eggs from the floor
to the ceiling thorough tidying by me
there hmm um so um just a little tip
here for all the mums and dads out there
who are feeling a little bit frustrated
in isolation these lovely Easter egg
halves here make a rather lovely
chocolate bra
so ours a god-given fun there yes now
before I get on to my message there are
a couple of misprints in the parish
newsletter I'd just like to correct if
that's okay firstly I meant to
congratulate Julie Barker and Lucy
clackett on having babies not rabies
sorry if that caused any panic there
secondly I suggested going for a walk in
the woods so could the group of elderly
gentlemen who have taken my misprint
literally please stop doing that
immediately so so um
thank goodness for modern technology
okay because last night I had the first
meeting of the EE parish council and
conducted via an app called zoom and I
have to tell you it was the best perfect
council meeting I've ever had largely
because none of the other councillors
know how to get on to zoom so it was
just me oh my own making all the
decisions which was lovely I mean none
of them actually have computers to be
honest one of them called me to say that
he bought an apple and asked in which
version and he said Granny Smith
which brings me to my message which is
that life goes on and that this will
pass and that it's right really that we
shouldn't dwell too much on the sadness
but try and think about all the
happiness it's like my time in Dibley
you know when I think back over it I've
had some difficult moments that's for
sure but it's the happy things that I
remember like dancing with Darcey
Bussell eating for Christmas lunches
joining an idiot and a simpleton in holy
matrimony and of course that cuddle and
finally another way to keep your spirits
up is of course physical exercise and I
thought this might be a good time to
share my exercise regime with you
so um sit back in your seat keep your
shoulders back very very straight back
hands on hips head up and there we go
now some people would do a little bit
more exercise than that but I frankly
can't be bothered so anyway I will bid
you farewell and I would say to you
please be safe be kind eat chocolate
praise the Lord and praise the NHS I god
bless you for watching
I was created as part of the big nae n
we hope you enjoyed it we also hope that
if you possibly can you can follow the
link and make a donation right now up
and down the United Kingdom charities
are providing urgent help to people who
really need it most
so if you've got a couple of quid
bonging in please help thank you
you